docs(dependency injection): Add a section about ordering providers (#1218)
VeryGoodOpenSource/dart_frog: docs/docs/basics/dependency-injection.md

```

With the above implementations, the greeting will only be computed once and the cached value will be used for the duration of the application lifecycle.

> ### Order matter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Order matters
```

    (_) => _connection,
  );
}
```

2. A second `provider`, called `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider`, that provides a **repository** for a specific entity, over the database

```dart
class DatabaseItemDataSource implements ItemDataSource {
  final Connection connection;

  Connection({
    required this.connection;
  });

  // Create, Update, Delete and other stuff
}

/// Middleware to inject the ItemDataSource repository in our controllers
Middleware myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider() {
  return provider<ItemDataSource>(
    (context) => DatabaseItemDataSource(
      connection: context.read<Connection>(),
    ),
  );
}
```

:::note
You can find a complete example of data source implementation in the [todos tutorial](/docs/tutorials/todos)
:::

At this point, it seems clear that `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider` depends on `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider`.

When you try to access the instance of `ItemDataSource` using `context.read<ItemDataSource>()`, here is what will happen:

1. _dart_frog_ will try to create the instance and return it. To do so, it will create a `DatabaseItemDataSource` object and to fulfill its `connection` parameter

> 2. It will look "above" in the dependency graph for a provider of `Connection`
> 3. It will find it with `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider`, and so on.
> 
> This is how dependency injections works, but let's clarify what "look "above" means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. It will "look above" in the dependency graph for a provider of `Connection`
3. It will find it with `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider`, and so on.

This is how dependency injections works, but let's clarify what "look above" means.
```

We can tell Dart Frog how to build a `Connection` **before** it builds a `ItemDataSource`. We do that by defining the order of the providers.

:::tip
In Dart Frog, dependencies are resolved from **bottom** to **top**  
:::

So if provider `B` depends on provider `A`, you will have to declare them as followed:

```dart
Handler middleware(Handler handler) {
  return handler
      .use(B())
      .use(A())
}
```

In the example we gave at the beginning where `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider` depends on `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider` we know it will work when we provided them like so:

```dart
Handler middleware(Handler handler) {
  return handler
      .use(myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider())
      .use(databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider())
}
```

But if we change the order of the providers it will not work:

```dart
Handler middleware(Handler handler) {
  return handler

>       // This won't work because dart frog is bottom top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // This won't work because Dart Frog is bottom top
```

      .use(databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider())
      .use(myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider())
}
```

:::note
Right now, there is an issue about this [fix: Improve dependency injection order #745](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/dart_frog/issues/745) because some other DI frameworks are working top to bottom and dart_frog is bottom to top.

So you might want to keep that in mind for future releases, but as it would be a breaking change, the release version will reflect this.

> :::

Reviewer: 💯

```

With the above implementations, the greeting will only be computed once and the cached value will be used for the duration of the application lifecycle.

### Order matter

In a real life application you will find yourself adding multiple `providers` to your project.

> Also, some `providers` **will depend** on others, as in any application relying on dependency injection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some `providers` **will depend** on others, as with any application relying on dependency injection.
```

> Here is an example with two `providers`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example with two `providers` where the second one depends on the first one for it to work:
```

```dart
final _connection = MyDatabaseConnection(host, port, user, password, everything else);

/// Provides a [Connection] instance.
Middleware databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider() {
  return provider<Connection>(
    (_) => _connection,
  );
}
```

2. A second `provider`, called `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider`, that provides a **repository** for a specific entity, over the database

```dart
class DatabaseItemDataSource implements ItemDataSource {
  final Connection connection;

  Connection({
    required this.connection;
  });

  // Create, Update, Delete and other stuff
}

/// Middleware to inject the ItemDataSource repository in our controllers
Middleware myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider() {
  return provider<ItemDataSource>(
    (context) => DatabaseItemDataSource(
      connection: context.read<Connection>(),
    ),
  );
}
```

:::note
You can find a complete example of data source implementation in the [todos tutorial](/docs/tutorials/todos)
:::

At this point, it seems clear that `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider` depends on `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider`.

> When you'll try to access the instance of `ItemDataSource` using `context.read<ItemDataSource>()`, here is what will happen:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you try to access the instance of `ItemDataSource` using `context.read<ItemDataSource>()`, here is what will happen:
```

1. _dart_frog_ will try to create the instance and return it. To do so, it will create a `DatabaseItemDataSource` object and to fulfill its `connection` parameter
2. It will look "above" in the dependency graph for a provider of `Connection`
3. It will find it with `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider`, and so on.

> This is how DI works, but the question is "what look "above" means?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is how dependency injections works, but let's clarify what "look "above" means.
```

> It means that you have to tell _dart_frog_ how to build a `Connection` **before** how to build a `ItemDataSource`.
> 
> How do we do so? By ordering the _Providers_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can tell Dart Frog how to build a `Connection` **before** it builds a `ItemDataSource`. We do that by defining the order of the providers.
```

:::tip

> In _dart_frog_, dependencies are resolved from **bottom** to **top**  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Dart Frog, dependencies are resolved from **bottom** to **top**  
```

:::

> So if `B` depends on `A`, make sure you declare them this way

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So if provider `B` depends on provider `A`, you will have to declare them as followed:
```

```dart
Handler middleware(Handler handler) {
  return handler
      .use(B())
      .use(A())
}
```

> In our example, `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider` depends on `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider`, so this will work

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example we gave at the beginning where `myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider` depends on `databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider` we know it will work when we provided them like so:
```

```dart
Handler middleware(Handler handler) {
  return handler
      .use(myItemsDataSourcesMiddlewareProvider())
      .use(databaseConnectionMiddlewareProvider())
}
```

> but this won't !

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But if we change the order of the providers it will not work:
```
